when the phone rings and you hear that
you're doing strictly come dancing you
are so excited and you're so pleased it
going to be part of a a great event you
put the phone down though and about 10
seconds later you realize what you're in
for hard training dancing in front a
million people and all that big fear of
falling flat on your face I'm looking
forward to the tight outfits the
sequined costumes ana course dancing
with Allah but the one thing that I am
really looking forward to is learning
how to dance properly anyone that see me
at a wedding or a birthday party really
knows I need some training outstanding
dancers in the past ball got to be the
sportsman mark ramprakash darren gough
but for me the one and only the man who
fought the blisters sand the pain and
those long long hours on breakfast it's
gotta be bill Turnbull there were loads
of things I am scared about when you
talk about Strictly Come Dancing the
first night the backstage nerves falling
possibly flat on your face in front of
millions of people but the one thing
that I am scared of and I am NOT going
to do and that's fake tan so watch me
chris hollins and some proper dancers
throughout the autumn on BBC one that
strictly come dancing